hello everybody today you show yourself the gods
Quaestors of tombs then the strategy
of the beak its veto but based on
first of all make a royal tribute
ie the card and magic real tribute e
allows you to destroy all the
cards in opponent's hand and monster
sorry more pray monster is in yours
hand and if in the opponent's hand e
however it is the most powerful card that
usually makes a minus 4 also hi tech from
tournament on which I now show you a
po the modern and let's start with the descendants
what they do are almost a must because
destroying the same cards as that
you have in the ground
this moment a nice you managed to do
destroy the exhibits a lot too
try on the opponent then we have two
recruiters I use two but yes
can also use three a
assailant who moves to defense on
gattaca monster that is a great card then
the three spies is a must
and the three commanders who as always
help the strategy of taking necro
valle roja attributed the first round
after we have the two beautiful air also that
of obligation that always deny the
effects therefore always go well
then two endless naples that blocks a
po the opponent's strategies a
mandatory rescue device
a torrential tribute that can be united
also to walk light of stars in this
small combo you can also i
clothes difficulty you have two monsters and
your miss opponents summon so many
robben at 5 molteni and eve to synchronize
just does it just evokes the last show
you the tribute to theorize in
even destroying your monsters e
power or destroy everything or is a case
desperate just can you even go
with the chain
has paid eastern light path of
stars evoking stardust from the
from your extra then strong reflex
solemn judgment that this para and
two prisons and dimensional and we pass
the magic two spontaneous mystical typhoons
which would also be three but I use it
two the two hero attributes that are the
fundamental card then these
keep tombs and serve not to do
mark maicon established a few me
words a book of the moon you need for
spy guardian of tombs to cover it
then immediately he summons the two monsters in the
same turn a black hole and frank lo
to absolutely compulsory charm
of the darkness that serves precisely to make a
plus 2 quite quite easily
who makes a very good card and
then crush and yes these things paper
who do not use many lady k anyway I am
those dogs were very helpful in some dogs
delivered to keep it very successful do ho
the double vocation is also this card
here is one that I put
and then two of the duality they serve
precisely in the first round at home than not
you have royal tribute or you have neither
try them or commander these cards you
do make a plus 1 going down
even the first three cards
alex scrape lech so you can
choose the card you want
this